The girl was surprised to receive a letter from her husband.
The letter said,
On the 4th day of the New Year,
the three children came to the village of Kowada,
where the three children were taken away.
The three children were taken away.
The children came to the village of Kowada,
where the three children were taken away.
I was very worried.
What?
Did you arrest a woman who did not behave?
I will investigate it directly.
There are strange people like that.
Tokiba, you are a good man.
You cannot hide it.
My boss, Kiyomori,
He is in love with you.
But he is a man of his own will.
Kiyo, don't do anything like that.
Keep your eyes on him.
You can't escape your conditions.
If you save the lives of the three children,
you will destroy Misao and build Misao.
You have solved various problems and have made the result.
Tokiba was not stupid either.
He was always healthy.
That's fine.
But you have to help the children.
You have to negotiate it well.
I will go to Kiyomori and make it.
Please wait.
Hello, Kiyomori.
I'm glad to see Tokiba, who is in love with you.
I'm glad to hear your condition.
Kiyomori is a man of his own will.
I was really worried.
But it's strange to say something directly.
Kiyo, please become the god of the knot.
My heart, my heart.
If you take that line, my heart.
I'm kidding.
It's like a store of ice cream.
I don't care if you don't eat it.
I want to make sweet bread.
I want to make it for dinner.
I'm going to eat it.
Tokiba is going to bring it to me.
You are a man of his own will.
I'm going to bring it to you.
I'm going to eat it.
I want to make it for dinner.
I want to buy some meat.
Do you have any conditions?
That's the problem.
What do you think?
She wants you to help her three children.
I can't help the enemy's son.
I'll help you.
I'll take care of the two brothers.
I'll take care of the three brothers.
You deliver milk every morning.
I'll grow milk.
The seeds are delicious.